Update readme in api-specs directory to include updated information for the directory [skip-ci] (#6446)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: api-specs/readme.md

> This directory stores API specs for the creation of the  "Run on Insomnia" buttons found on the [API docs page](https://docs.konghq.com/api/). This directory is also the source of truth for the beta Kong Gateway Enterprise and Open Source Admin API specs. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This directory stores API specs for the creation of the "Run on Insomnia" buttons found on the [API docs page](https://docs.konghq.com/api/). This directory is also the source of truth for the beta Kong Gateway Enterprise and Open Source Admin API specs. 
```

> This directory stores API specs for the creation of the  "Run on Insomnia" buttons found on the [API docs page](https://docs.konghq.com/api/). This directory is also the source of truth for the beta Kong Gateway Enterprise and Open Source Admin API specs. 

Reviewer: I'd put the platform-api info up here too, so that "source of truth" info is in the same place.

The latest consumable versions of the API spec are available at https://docs.konghq.com/api/

## How to update Gateway admin API documentation

While we are in beta the process is as follows:

> If you have to add/delete an endpoint, edit parameters, add parameter descriptions, add examples, etc **Edit the spec directly**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have to add/delete an endpoint, edit parameters, add parameter descriptions, add examples, and so on, **edit the spec directly** in its source location.
```
